Geolift - first docs (#556)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/geolift/index.md

1. **No user level facts and assignments:** All users within each unit (geography) are treated (or not) together. Individual variation and behavior is not available to a Geolift test.
2. **Weaker statistical power:** in a Geolift test, there are many fewer units of randomization compared to a user-targeted experiment; there's more inherent noise and variability in each unit that happens across a geographic region.
3. **Need historical data:** Although Eppo supports methods like CUPED for traditional experiments that use historical data to reduce variance and increase power, it does not require it. In Geolift, historical data is needed to develop the synthetic control.
4. **Stronger statistical assumptions:** Since we can't rely on randomization to accomodate any differences between the treatment and control groups, there is a stricter set of assumptions users should follow to ensure the units are similar enough to be compared in the quasi-experiment. For more detail, see [Assumptions and Best Practices](/geolift/assumptions_best_practices/).

## Historical Data Needed

> Typically, we use your existing Eppo metrics and so will use up to 18 months of the metric as available in your data warehouse. More the better, but on the low end, if you are setting up a new data source and metric, we recommend at least three months of historical data before designing a test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geolift tests use the metrics you create in Eppo, which are based on your data warehouse. We recommend at least three months of historical data before designing a test and recommend up to 18 months of data if available.
```
